docs(guides/installation): section links FAQ (#13452)
puppeteer/puppeteer: docs/faq.md

to ensure compatibility with the implementation of the underlying protocols,
the Chrome DevTools Protocol and WebDriver BiDi.

> This is to prevent changes in either [Chrome](https://pptr.dev/supported-browsers#chrome) or [Firefox](https://pptr.dev/supported-browsers#firefox) not unexpectedly break Puppeteer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is to prevent changes in either [Chrome](https://pptr.dev/supported-browsers#chrome) or [Firefox](https://pptr.dev/supported-browsers#firefox) from unexpectedly breaking Puppeteer.
```
